README.md, before:

# Prediction Market Agent Tooling

Tooling for benchmarking, deploying and monitoring agents for prediction market applications.

## Setup

Install the project dependencies with `poetry`, using Python >=3.10:

```bash
python3.10 -m pip install poetry
python3.10 -m poetry install
python3.10 -m poetry shell
```

Create a `.env` file in the root of the repo with the following variables:

Deploying and monitoring agents using GCP requires that you set up the gcloud CLI (see [here](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) for installation instructions, and use `gcloud auth login` to authorize.)

```bash
MANIFOLD_API_KEY=...
BET_FROM_ADDRESS=...
BET_FROM_PRIVATE_KEY=...
OPENAI_API_KEY=...
```

## Benchmarking

Create a benchmarkable agent by subclassing the `AbstractBenchmarkedAgent` base class, and plug in your agent's research and prediction functions into the `predict` method.

Use the `Benchmarker` class to compare your agent's predictions vs. the 'wisdom of the crowd' on a set of markets from your chosen prediction market platform.

For example:

```python
import prediction_market_agent_tooling.benchmark.benchmark as bm
from prediction_market_agent_tooling.markets.markets import MarketType, get_binary_markets

benchmarker = bm.Benchmarker(
    markets=get_binary_markets(limit=10, market_type=MarketType.MANIFOLD),
    agents=[...],
)
benchmarker.run_agents()
md = benchmarker.generate_markdown_report()
```

This produces a markdown report comparing agents:

![Benchmark results](assets/comparison-report.png)

## Deploying

Create a deployable agent by subclassing the `DeployableAgent` base class, and implementing the 

For example, deploy an agent that randomly picks an outcome:

```python
import random
from prediction_market_agent_tooling.deploy.agent import DeployableAgent
from prediction_market_agent_tooling.markets.agent_market import AgentMarket

class DeployableCoinFlipAgent(DeployableAgent):
    def answer_binary_market(self, market: AgentMarket) -> bool | None:
        return random.choice([True, False])

DeployableCoinFlipAgent().deploy_gcp(...)
```

## Monitoring

Monitor the performance of the agents deployed to GCP, as well as meta-metrics of the prediction market platforms they are deployed to.

This runs as a streamlit app on a localhost server, executed with:

```bash
PYTHONPATH=. streamlit run examples/monitor/monitor.py
```

Which launches in the browser:

![Monitoring](assets/monitoring.png)

## The Market Platforms

The following markets platforms are supported:

- [Manifold](https://manifold.markets/)
- [AIOmen](https://aiomen.eth.limo/)
- [Polymarket](https://polymarket.com/) - Benchmarking only. Deploy and monitor TODO

## Contributing

See the [Issues](https://github.com/gnosis/prediction-market-agent-tooling/issues) for ideas of things that need fixing or implementing. Or come up with your own :D.

We use `mypy` for static type checking, and `isort`, `black` and `autoflake` for linting. These all run as steps in CI.

Commit message:

Added Safe support for agents (#200)
* Added first script for creating safe

* Creating safe on Tenderly works

* Added SafeManager | writing test

* Safe 1.4.1 support

* Safe transactions involving owners running.

* Added script for creating safe for agent | started writing tests

* Script for creating safe for each agent working

* Added options to send transactions via Safe

* Added test for create_safe

* Fixing mypy (1)

* Fixing mypy (2)

* Fixed deps after merge with main

* Fixed mypy

* Changed argument from_private_key and safe_address from function_based to class_based

* Fixed mypy

* Fixed autoflake

* Added test for completing txs via Safe

* Implemented PR changes

* Implemented PR changes (2)

* Implemented public_key for retrieving safe or public_key from EOA

* Reset gnosis_rpc.py

* Removed bet_from_address

* Reverted back for mypy

README.md, after:

# Prediction Market Agent Tooling

Tooling for benchmarking, deploying and monitoring agents for prediction market applications.

## Setup

Install the project dependencies with `poetry`, using Python >=3.10:

```bash
python3.10 -m pip install poetry
python3.10 -m poetry install
python3.10 -m poetry shell
```

Create a `.env` file in the root of the repo with the following variables:

Deploying and monitoring agents using GCP requires that you set up the gcloud CLI (see [here](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) for installation instructions, and use `gcloud auth login` to authorize.)

```bash
MANIFOLD_API_KEY=...
BET_FROM_ADDRESS=...
BET_FROM_PRIVATE_KEY=...
OPENAI_API_KEY=...
```

## Benchmarking

Create a benchmarkable agent by subclassing the `AbstractBenchmarkedAgent` base class, and plug in your agent's research and prediction functions into the `predict` method.

Use the `Benchmarker` class to compare your agent's predictions vs. the 'wisdom of the crowd' on a set of markets from your chosen prediction market platform.

For example:

```python
import prediction_market_agent_tooling.benchmark.benchmark as bm
from prediction_market_agent_tooling.markets.markets import MarketType, get_binary_markets

benchmarker = bm.Benchmarker(
    markets=get_binary_markets(limit=10, market_type=MarketType.MANIFOLD),
    agents=[...],
)
benchmarker.run_agents()
md = benchmarker.generate_markdown_report()
```

This produces a markdown report comparing agents:

![Benchmark results](assets/comparison-report.png)

## Deploying

Create a deployable agent by subclassing the `DeployableAgent` base class, and implementing the 

For example, deploy an agent that randomly picks an outcome:

```python
import random
from prediction_market_agent_tooling.deploy.agent import DeployableAgent
from prediction_market_agent_tooling.markets.agent_market import AgentMarket

class DeployableCoinFlipAgent(DeployableAgent):
    def answer_binary_market(self, market: AgentMarket) -> bool | None:
        return random.choice([True, False])

DeployableCoinFlipAgent().deploy_gcp(...)
```

For deploying a Safe manually for a given agent, run the script below:

```commandline
poetry run python scripts/create_safe_for_agent.py  --from-private-key <YOUR_AGENT_PRIVATE_KEY> --salt-nonce 42
```
This will output the newly created Safe in the terminal, and it can then be copied over to the deployment part (e.g. Terraform).
Note that `salt_nonce` can be passed so that the created safe is deterministically created for each agent, so that, if the same `salt_nonce` is used, the script will not create a new Safe for the agent, instead it will output the previously existent Safe.

## Monitoring

Monitor the performance of the agents deployed to GCP, as well as meta-metrics of the prediction market platforms they are deployed to.

This runs as a streamlit app on a localhost server, executed with:

```bash
PYTHONPATH=. streamlit run examples/monitor/monitor.py
```

Which launches in the browser:

![Monitoring](assets/monitoring.png)

## The Market Platforms

The following markets platforms are supported:

- [Manifold](https://manifold.markets/)
- [AIOmen](https://aiomen.eth.limo/)
- [Polymarket](https://polymarket.com/) - Benchmarking only. Deploy and monitor TODO

## Contributing

See the [Issues](https://github.com/gnosis/prediction-market-agent-tooling/issues) for ideas of things that need fixing or implementing. Or come up with your own :D.

We use `mypy` for static type checking, and `isort`, `black` and `autoflake` for linting. These all run as steps in CI.
